Add option for RHEL OS clustering (#30)
Centiq/sap-hana: deploy/v2/USAGE.md

   In any case, this opens up scope for programatically setting the HANA deployment resource group using something personal to your user (e.g. $USER variable), which helps to avoid clashes with others that might be sharing the same Azure subscription.

> In a High-Availability system, you must set the password to be used for the `hacluster` user in the template you intend to deploy. You can programatically set the password using a utility script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In HA systems, you must set the password to be used for the cluster user in the template you intend to deploy. You can programatically set this using a utility script:
```

Reviewer: Simplified language, and not exposing the implementation details in the process description (that's what the scripts should hide from the user). Ideally the script would be named to mask this detail too (e.g. `set_cluster_password.sh <cluster password> ...`, but that's more of a change, so can live with it.
